Keep NVDA responsive when a UIA or MSAA application stops responding (#20168)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

### Bug Fixes

* When moving to an ARIA grid cell in focus mode in web browsers, NVDA no longer reports both the row and column headers even if only the row or only the column changed. (#17750, @jcsteh)

> * When an application stops responding, NVDA no longer freezes or floods its log with errors; it stays responsive and drops UI Automation and MSAA events from the unresponsive application until it recovers. (#16749, @heath-toby)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When an application stops responding, NVDA no longer freezes or floods its log with errors; it stays responsive and drops UIA and MSAA events from the unresponsive application until it recovers. (#16749, @heath-toby)
```
